Hello, everyone.
This document is intended for all users and will
guide them to understand the key features and the usage
of genres or functionality for platform implementation.
We will be covering a total of five use cases in this training. And
let's start with introduction.
Gen
wizard is our mainstream platform for technology delivery
and automation powered by generative A I.
Participants will have access to learning environment.
Click on the URL
which would be provided where participants can
perform all the hands on activities,
an confidentiality disclaimer pops up once you log in.
Please click on confirm so that you protect the accenture proprietary
gener
tool against legal liabilities.
Please click on the project assigned on the screen
post that you have now landed on the gen
wizard for S A use case page where a digital core with gen
pop up details. The construct of these comprehensive solutions close it.
Click on the use case from the left pan.
A pop up appears with brief explanation of input process output value, flow,
close it.
We have client details form where users can provide process area functions,
you can update the wage details to and submit.
Click on the maximize icon on the chat window to type in a prompt
type in the prompt. As seen here,
document can be uploaded here.
A prefill template is attached to can upload that and click on generate hierarchy.
Document can be uploaded here. A prefill template is attached
which
is upload post that and click on generate hierarchy.
Once client hierarchy is uploaded successfully,
you can click on the hierarchy and highlight it
and this is how it will appear
next up. We have fit to standard.
You will see a pop up again with a brief explanation of input process output value.
Close it
can select the last published hierarchy.
You will see that mapping in progress and done as well
Now
this page shows the recommendation level four and therefore is
we have requirement specifications.
Next you will see a pop up again
with a brief explanation of input process output value
and then close it
notification appears saying it is in progress.
Kindly check notification section.
We can see that it is in progress here,
user stories are generated successfully.
We will now go to design and implement.
We will go through these two use cases.
The fill template from this slide you can download.
Please enter the prompt assume
click on generate code from FD and upload FD.
Attach the fill template with the template from
this slide and you can download it and upload
shows the progress and completion
a code gets generated.
Please generate a bar
code in gen wizard chatbot and select generate code through my prompt
message shows that code has been generated.
Successfully code has been highlighted
and this is how it will appear
a pop up of specification with brief
explanation of input process output pattern flow appears
close.
The pop
up will navigate to the gen
wizard chatbot.
Enter the prompt, generate 10 test data for purchase order in SAP in
the Gen
wizard chatbot press enter on the keyboard or click on the arrow icon.
Pop up with upload document appears on the screen where users can provide inputs,
template attach in this slide for reference.
Click on
upload to have the template uploaded.
Once you click on upload,
you will see in progress screenshot and
then upload it successfully screen screenshot two
once done, click on close
one upload notifications and box will
show that template is generated successfully.
This data that was uploaded now shows up under highlighted
user can download it and upload template
pop up with upload document appears on the screen.
Click on upload to have template upload it.
Once you click on upload,
you will see a in progress screen and then an uploaded successfully
screen screenshot one post that close once the data gets generated as highlighted
and this is how it will appear.
Thank you very much.